next oh okay hold on to your hats
because here we go this is an incredible
book by John lash you can go to his
website it's registered org john Lynch
not in His image but not a vision say go
to college in the future of belief many
years ago I issues fragment of sacred
writings were found in knock mati Egypt
their founder Cade they've been known as
it comes known as the doctor body
Scrolls the scrolls are like if you had
found a fragment of a paragraph of the
Encyclopedia Britannica this is in
relative terms this is what this
fragment of Scrolls is it tells an
incredible story but it was a fragment a
much more gigantic piece of information
that had been systematically destroyed
by the church of rome and by everybody
the reptilians in power because they did
not want the humans of Earth to know who
they are hard why the hell are here okay
next
these scrolls were written and they were
contemporary with Jesus the time of his
life this is such an iconic image Jesus
was such an incredible teacher of meta
physics and quantum physics and this is
its kind of a warning the church's made
this like the central icon of
spirituality Christian faith but if you
look again it's like that's a warning
the man nailed to the cross that's a
warning to anybody who comes here and
has the effrontery to teach spiritual
truth ouch so we thought they could
eliminate the teacher but the teachings
lived on and next was the Gnostics did
this group of people who who wanted to
preserve the secret preserve this truth
buried it and it wasn't discovered until
after world war two it relates to the
goddess this is a symbol of ancient
goddess religion ancient goddess worship
that was prevalent throughout the Middle
East in ancient times they revered to
God is why why the goddess what was so
significant about worshipping the
goddess thank you well that ancient
worship you can see how it morphed over
the centuries into the Virgin Mary and
the Child Jesus
what is this secret behind the goddess
worship where's the secret behind the
story of the kindest person okay still
with you folks according to the ancient
Gnostic texts the Naga kamati Scrolls
think about think about life in our
microscope you take life the smallest
most insignificant microbes under
microscopes still are intelligent life
is they have their own form of
intelligent one knee that's on a
microscopic scale it depend on the
macroscopic scale this spiral galaxy
which we are a part of does
consciousness it is a living entity
according to the Gnostic teachers the
central the central Sun is is God
consciousness this particular galaxy
this is the goddess of this galaxy it's
intelligent it's plasmas pure
intelligent plasma energy that pure
plasma energy wants to experience
creation
so what it does is girls out okay
each one of these arms each one of these
spirals is like a child it's like the
creative child now the central mother
father God consciousness and it's out
here so I'm here in the periphery this
is where we live this is where planet
Earth is out here this is where the
puter plasma